once JAStudio process is completed - and if all assets have been created inc. skills taxonomy and task taxonomy, a "Proceed to Workforce Studio" button should be enabled at the bottom of the screen, and a toggle should be enabled at the top of the nav panel.

Workforce studio has an equivalent panel-based scrolling structure, but features functionality demonstrated in ./HR demo and ./Insurance demo (except levelling and other components covered in JAStudio)

Step 1: Workforce Architecture. 

This shows a graph visualisation of the job profiles, task clusters and skill clusters (nodes) with the relationships between them (edges) rendered. Use tooltips to show names/desciptions of profiles, tasks and skills. When any of these are clicked, bring up a modal to show the full detail. As the subsequent steps are triggered, the work architecture updates with new nodes, and the modals update with new details. 

Step 2: Process Upload

There are 2 processes - payroll and offer-to-hire, defined in the ./HR and ./Insurance demos. extract these into process documents.

The UI in this step enables the user to upload process documents (html, SVG, PDF, XSLX, DOCX). These are extracted and mapped to the task structure within the work architecture.

Processes are mapped to existing work architecture tasks. Any automated tasks or tasks otherwise not included in the job based inference are mapped as a new node type. Processes are added as new integrated nodes into the work architecture.

It  is not essential to upload any proceses to unlock subsequent steps.

Step 3: AI Opportunity Assessment

This step infers between 3-5 actions for every task cluster - effectively subtask name/definition/proportion(=100% per task). The tasks are then interrogated for AI opportunity against the subtask.

A report is created embedded as per step 6 of the insurance demo.

Step 4: Process Opportunity Assessment.

This unlocks if processes are added. It creates an output as per step 7 in the insurance demo

Step 5: Personal Productivity

Unlocked with AI Opportunity Assessment. The user can naviate to a role via job family/category/profile filtering, and the UI brings up the Tasks in order of AI opportunity * Proportion of Role. Each task has a button which generates the Claude Skills / Prompting guidance as per Step 13 in the Insurance demo.

Skill info is added to the corresponding Job in the work architecture job modal.

Step 6: Agent definitions

The user can navigate to a Task Cluster via task family/category filtering, and the UI brings up the Tasks in order of AI opportunity * total proportion across all roles (FTE equivalent - mix in headcount where available). When the user clicks a button, an agent definition is created (with reference to Build Options in Insurance demo, including full agent requirements)

Optional upload of software catalogue / tech infrastructure context (xlsx, docx, pdf, html, txt) to improve agent definitions.

There is a "Generate All Agents" button which creates a big Agent creation batchh API job and then returns an embedded report prioritised by Total TIme Saving. 

Each created agent is aadded to the work architecture graph.

Step 7: Future Role Design

User can navigate to a role using the filtering UI referenced previously, to generate a view like step 12 in the insurance demo

Optional upload of strategic context around how the organisaton wants to be using freed up time


All data can be exported.